{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17420\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Ok so my overall approach was trying to code motion for a simplified OD matrix of one sample hour. \
\
I wanted to code 2 motions and then feed in the data\'85.\
\
	1. Motion for points moving to different containers, which would just go off the screen \
	2. Motion for within container 0, just simply going from point A to point B depending on what I 	saw as 4 ways the velocity could go, depending on the difference in the origin and destination 	coordinates \
		1. up and left \
		2. up and right\
		3. down and left\
		4. down and right \
\
Overall I was trying to approach this whole thing as purely vectors that I could simply iterate through. But now after looking at Ira\'92s code and hitting several conceptual and technical walls, I realize that it\'92s not that simple and needs to be treated with the node/swarm method Ira utilized. His updates really showed me this and made this whole approach irrelevant. \
\
So yea\'85this code isn\'92t going to be too helpful and I\'92m really sorry about that. \
\
Now looking at Ira\'92s code and what we really want to do, I feel like I can clean the CDR data and hopefully do things that actually work. \
\
Technical issues/to-dos\'85\
	~I still have to sit down and really really understand ALL of Ira\'92s code. I understand most of it, 	but I just need to sit down and play around with it. \
	~I finally understand the data and how it needs to be treat it, now I just need to clean and find 	a way to implement it into a working code \
	~I also need to consider the amount of agents like Naichun and I talked about to give it the look we want \
\
Progress made and things learned\'85 \
	~Nina found many many MANY ways how to NOT approach an OD matrix\
	~Ira is a Java wizard \
	~Nina mostly understands what should be done now \
	\
What I\'92d like/can do\'85\
	My last exam for the semester is Monday. :D \
	\
	So this weekend I need to zone in on that but I can still send Naichun some mock ups (mostly photoshopped) to show Kent on Monday \
	\
	After my exam I can really look at all this and be involved like I wanted to be and hopefully make something work \
\
Overall\'85.\
	Sorry I\'92m like the worst UROP ever this is my first time working with things like this on this scale and in this IDE and I lost that weekend I wanted to really 	hone in on everything. \
	\
	Please accept cookies as my \'93I\'92m sorry and I\'92ll get better\'94 gift :) :) :) }