{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Some notes and questions on Ira\'92s code :) \

\b0 \

\b AndorraPlayer
\b0 \
0 is draw mode for screen\'a0\
1 is draw mode for projection mapping\
framerate is fps displayed; default is 60\'a0\
m changes the draw mode\

\b KEYS
\b0 \
CODED keys show how to program commands in arrow keys\

\b A_DRAW
\b0 \
Maybe not quite understanding projection-mapping rendering\

\b A_INIT
\b0 \
Has the math for the geo coordinate stuff\

\b agents
\b0 \
println() goes to console\'a0\

\b obstacles\'a0
\b0 \
ArrayList stores a variable number of objects and is easy to remove/add elements into\
\

\b Rest of notes are in comments of code that I\'a0downloaded on my desktop so I wasn\'92t breaking the master file :)\'a0Which would be bad
\b0 \
\
\

\b QUESTIONS
\b0 \

\b AndorraPlayer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 What framerate do we want? Currently at 6ish\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KEYS
\b0 \
What is the case after E? is that the mouse clicking motion?\'a0\
Confused on A and R keys?\'a0\
When I see scroll that\'92s referring to the ability to drag within the canvas, correct?\'a0\
\

\b DRAW_agents\'a0and INIT_agents
\b0 \
Traces and decay are exclusive to thermal, correct?\
\

\b agent
\b0 \
Huge chunk of code confused what\'92s happening in\'a0\
	about line 45 void applyForce\
	to about 110 return sum\'a0\
	Like I understand the code syntactically and logically, but I don\'92t think I understand the\'85ummm\'85.math I guess of what\'92s happening? I think I sort of almost do but I\'92d just like to maybe hear you explain it in person and then I should be fine\

\b \
heatMap
\b0 \
Feel pretty good on this\
But there are no traces in this tab\'85?\'a0\

\b \
obstacle
\b0 \
Feel pretty good here as far as understanding it, but how much is this going to change?\

\b \
obstacleCourse
\b0 \
Vert is relating to the green movement thing, correct?\'a0\
I\'92m confused on the purpose of the left object, just there for tests?\'a0\
How can I reset after a saved load without editing the tsv? I bet I\'92m missing a really obvious thing\'85.\
}